README.md, before:

# NCrystal-based_Neutron_Imaging_Fitting_Script
A script ```Fit_trans.ipynb``` based on the ```NCrystal``` toolkit to fit time-of-flight neutron imaging data.

## Brief introduction and citation
The script was initially developed to fit the cross-sections for four beryllium metals (Xu, S. et al. Impact of extinction effects on neutron transmission in solid beryllium metal. J. Appl. Crystallogr. 58, DOI:10.1107/S1600576725007939 (2025)). 

It was further developed to fit the time-of-flight neutron imaging data on stainless steels measured at the IMAT@ISIS beamline, supported partially by the VR project (KTH in collaboration with ESS, Lund Univeristy, 2023-2027): Revealing Hydrogen Embrittlement of Alloys in Real Time (**ReHEART**). The detailed experiments and fitting are presented in **(Xu et al. Quantification in wavelength-resolved neutron imaging: exemplified using stainless steel and  polyethylene for mimicking hydrogen. (In preparation)**). If any issues happen when using or adopting this script, please feel free to contact <shuqi.xu@ess.eu>. If you find our script useful for your work, we kindly request you to cite this publication. 

## Usage
One can open, make a copy, and run the ```Fit_trans.ipynb``` script (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vRaNyeDy5QZavOmM7_0YAADtLgb67T8t/view?usp=sharing) directly in Google Colab.

Commit message:

Revise introduction and citation in README.md
Updated citation details and grant number in the introduction section.

README.md, after:

# NCrystal-based_Neutron_Imaging_Fitting_Script
A script ```Fit_trans.ipynb``` based on the ```NCrystal``` toolkit to fit time-of-flight neutron imaging data.

## Brief introduction and citation
The script was initially developed to fit the cross-sections for four beryllium metals (Xu, S. et al. Impact of extinction effects on neutron transmission in solid beryllium metal. J. Appl. Crystallogr. 58, DOI:10.1107/S1600576725007939 (2025)). 

It was further developed to fit the time-of-flight neutron imaging data on stainless steels measured at the IMAT@ISIS beamline, supported partially by the VR project with grant number 2022-06059: (KTH in collaboration with ESS, Lund Univeristy, 2023-2027): Revealing Hydrogen Embrittlement of Alloys in Real Time (**ReHEART**). The detailed experiments and fitting are presented in **(Xu et al. Quantification in wavelength-resolved neutron imaging: exemplified using stainless steel and  polyethylene for mimicking hydrogen. (submitted to J. Appl. Crystallogr.)**). If any issues happen when using or adopting this script, please feel free to contact <shuqi.xu@ess.eu>. If you find our script useful for your work, we kindly request you to cite this publication. 

## Usage
One can open, make a copy, and run the ```Fit_trans.ipynb``` script (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vRaNyeDy5QZavOmM7_0YAADtLgb67T8t/view?usp=sharing) directly in Google Colab.
